http://ftp.au.debian.org/debian Australia
http://ftp.at.debian.org/debian Austria
http://ftp.by.debian.org/debian Belarus
http://ftp.be.debian.org/debian Belgium
http://ftp.ba.debian.org/debian Bosnia_and_Herzegovina
http://ftp.br.debian.org/debian Brazil
http://ftp.bg.debian.org/debian Bulgaria
http://ftp.ca.debian.org/debian Canada
http://ftp.cl.debian.org/debian Chile
http://ftp.hr.debian.org/debian Croatia
http://ftp.cz.debian.org/debian Czech_Republic
http://ftp.dk.debian.org/debian Denmark
http://ftp.ee.debian.org/debian Estonia
http://ftp.fi.debian.org/debian Finland
http://ftp.fr.debian.org/debian France
http://ftp2.fr.debian.org/debian France
http://ftp.de.debian.org/debian Germany
http://ftp2.de.debian.org/debian Germany
http://ftp.uk.debian.org/debian Great_Britain
http://ftp.gr.debian.org/debian Greece
http://ftp.hk.debian.org/debian Hong_Kong
http://ftp.hu.debian.org/debian Hungary
http://ftp.is.debian.org/debian Iceland
http://ftp.ie.debian.org/debian Ireland
http://ftp.it.debian.org/debian Italy
http://ftp.jp.debian.org/debian Japan
http://ftp2.jp.debian.org/debian Japan
http://ftp.kr.debian.org/debian Korea
http://ftp.lt.debian.org/debian Lithuania
http://ftp.mx.debian.org/debian Mexico
http://ftp.nl.debian.org/debian Netherlands
http://ftp.nc.debian.org/debian New_Caledonia
http://ftp.nz.debian.org/debian New_Zealand
http://ftp.no.debian.org/debian Norway
http://ftp.pl.debian.org/debian Poland
http://ftp.pt.debian.org/debian Portugal
http://ftp.ro.debian.org/debian Romania
http://ftp.ru.debian.org/debian Russia
http://ftp.sk.debian.org/debian Slovakia
http://ftp.si.debian.org/debian Slovenia
http://ftp.es.debian.org/debian Spain
http://ftp.se.debian.org/debian Sweden
http://ftp.ch.debian.org/debian Switzerland
http://ftp.tw.debian.org/debian Taiwan
http://ftp.th.debian.org/debian Thailand
http://ftp.tr.debian.org/debian Turkey
http://ftp.ua.debian.org/debian Ukraine
http://ftp.us.debian.org/debian United_States
